Hello, my name is Andrew Chan.
I am a Computer Science student at UO.
Over the summer I have been working on C and DSA in C.
I learned all sorts of things over the summer such as,
Basics of C, basics data structures such as linked lists, queues/stacks, and trees.
I also learnt a few algorithms like bubble sort, binary search, and Q sort.
But most importantly I learned how incompetent I am at computer science.
This realization came recently and was a big wake up call to me.
In my time here at UO I have usually been the top in the class averaging grades of >99%.
Naturally I would have quite a big ego since it feels good to get good grades and get 
recognized by those around you.
However, a few weeks ago I got to talk with a relative's godfather who is a
principal software engineer at Microsoft.
It wasn't so much an interview but more so just a lead into the world of tech.
Granted however, if I did manage to impress him, then that could lead to a pleasant
future of potential internships and possibly job openings after I graduate.
However, when we were talking I stuggled to find an actual reason why a single
company would even be somewhat interested in me.
Sure I got good grades, but grades were just a number and not something beyond
ordinary that i can show off to people.
To make matters even worse, when asked an interview esque question, I completely
flopped and was stumbling all over the place and couldn't even complete it at all.
It was probably the most embarrasing moment of my life, but even more so, it was
the most depressing moment in my adulthood.
Something that I have such a passion in and seemly what people tell me "natural talent"
in, was so out of my reach that I couldn't even comprehend the issue.
However, this led me change a completely new perspective on my carrer as a CS student,
but more importantly a person in the workforce of CS.
It made me realize that grades aren't the only thing that matters.
I need to put actual time and dedication to a project that I have interest in and
genuinely enjoy the act of coding and solving problems.
A grade is nothing without the mind behind it growing. 
So to answer the second bullet on this assignment, one thing I want to learn from this
class is how to truly become greatest CS student that has ever set foot on this campus.
I want to remove all other-worldly desires to walk the lonely road of true success.

Andrew Chan
